Tämä projekti on palautukseni MOOC:in kurssisarjan Cyber Security Base 2022 kurssin Project 1 tehtävään. Tarkoituksena oli tehdän ongelmallinen nettisivu ja sitten täytyi kuvata kuinka ongelmat korjattaisiin.
Projektin voi avata localhost:8000:teen Command Prompista komennolla python3 manage.py . Käyttäjät ovat: 
username: Admin, password: coffee
username: bob, password: passwd
username: alice, password: redqueen
Linkki tehtävän antoon: https://cybersecuritybase.mooc.fi/module-3.1

Project description
In the first course project, your task is to create a web application that has at least five different flaws from the OWASP top ten list. The application should have a backend.

OWASP recently updated its list and there are now two lists: 2017 and 2021. You can use either list but specify which one you are using. Do not mix the lists. Note that CSRF is missing from both lists as it is more rare nowadays due to the more secure frameworks. However, due to its fundamental nature it is allowed as a flaw.

We recommend that you implement the website using Python & Django. If you did the previous course you should already Django libraries installed. See installation guide otherwise. To create a starter website, follow the instructions here.

You may do the project without using the starter template (in a language of your own choosing). In that case, however, you must also provide guidelines for installing and running the web application on Windows, Linux and Mac (including guidelines for installing any possible required dependencies).

The code must be stored in a public repository so that other students may review it. A standard option is to use Github. If you are a student at Helsinki University, you can use https://version.helsinki.fi. Make sure that the project is public. The easiest way to check the visibility is to try the links in incognito mode. Do not remove the project until you have received the points.

Note that essay is not accepted immediately as it needs to be approved by the course staff.
